docs: update cluster exposing and update strategy docs (#2308)
VictoriaMetrics/operator: docs/resources/vmcluster.md

    rollingUpdateStrategyBehavior:
      maxUnavailable: 2        # restart 2 nodes at a time
  vmselect:
    replicaCount: 3
    rollingUpdateStrategyBehavior:
      maxUnavailable: "33%"   # restart up to 33% of nodes at a time
```

Setting `maxUnavailable: "100%"` restarts all nodes in parallel, implementing the **minimum downtime** strategy
at the cost of temporary unavailability:

```yaml
spec:
  vmstorage:
    replicaCount: 3
    rollingUpdateStrategyBehavior:
      maxUnavailable: "100%"
```

To delegate the rolling restart entirely to Kubernetes, set `rollingUpdateStrategy: RollingUpdate`.
In this mode `rollingUpdateStrategyBehavior` is ignored:

```yaml
spec:
  vmstorage:
    replicaCount: 3
    rollingUpdateStrategy: RollingUpdate
```

The timeout for each node to become ready is controlled by the Operator environment variable
`VM_PODWAITREADYTIMEOUT` (default `80s`). The poll interval is `VM_PODWAITREADYINTERVALCHECK` (default `5s`).

### vminsert

`vminsert` nodes can be configured with standard Deployment update parameters:

```yaml
apiVersion: operator.victoriametrics.com/v1beta1
kind: VMCluster
metadata:
  name: example
spec:
  vminsert:
    replicaCount: 3

>     updateStrategy: RollingUpdate   # default; set to Recreate for minimum downtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    updateStrategy: RollingUpdate   # default; set to Recreate for short update time at the cost of a short downtime
```

Author: minimum downtime strategy is used in vmcluster docs, probably wording can be updated and converted to the link to respective cluster section

Reviewer: Oh, okay, lets change it all together then
